Oh
what's up blue ears
I want to sleep first part
so what's going on guys
that's a little bit wee bit chilly up
here about you say Mike now myrish
eat city block out for the best guy on a
punch one of the face
fuck of it
cool let me get winter shoes of Eden
fitness
sushi and such what such now you're
fatigued by 99 oh I hate red lights
alright guys what's going on hope
everyone is doing okay it's a lot warmer
here than it is anywhere else I am
pursuing to think so at least except for
flo rida parts of cali but
for you guys are to the negative
temperatures just let you know my
freezer is not even that cold so I hope
that makes you feel cold and merry
fucking Christmas
see technically I didn't say that the
shopping center said that so i'm going
to say Happy Hanukkah I mean happy
holidays
now look someone has police Christmas
lights
or that's a douchebag cop
booty arrest we got we got wake up Oh
guru guru
they're probably arresting bonquiqui
credit of dough boy fresh
found quickly that's awesome
if anyone knows the name someone that
his name bonquiqui please tell them the
message amer six cuz they don't get a
free yummy our state sticker yeah what
up on quickly what it is girl oh man
alright guys so i will announce it for
everyone they announced me and me
announcement a I'm a Canadian well I can
be like 60 for Hondo or SAP oh but if
I'm sap toi got really tall so so now
I'm SAP oh yeah okay now i'm not i'm not
SAP Oh anymore
oh shit oh you know cove it first
we're gonna tell you the new thing
nine feet tall and so the news I got is
for 20,000 subscribers you know by a
certain sweatshirts and stuff so for
20,000 subs I'm going to release the
yummy are six star it's currently in the
making as we are talking here I'm
currently working on it as far as
graphics goes and as far as designs go
want to have a couple
sure it's traditionally on our six
shirts
the plan is to every single time
something big kind of happens palghar
see or something I want to make a shirt
have them like limited edition you go
ahead there's only so many
so I church whatever that's what I want
to do and so i figured i'm working on it
now so a great launch time I think would
be about 20,000 subs we're about three
and a half off right now which guys
thank you so much i love you guys like
to death never fucking awesome when we
get our teeth out the subs I'll have a
video about a
about a store being open
everyone being able to purchase their
attire
so and also guys are posted on Instagram
that I have will have come springtime
god damn it my eyes and swung it up
comes free time I'll have keychains and
reservoir break covers great reservoir
covers
so I posted on Instagram the hard copies
but where I'm getting them from starving
India wissinger guys
our copies are basically what its gonna
look like on instagrams if you don't
follow me in scramble follow that you
can see what they look like those will
be available sometimes free
or in
when those are available there are only
being exclusive amount i want to try to
keep my soup at the same time I don't
really care I want everyone to have them
on my fans there to have a net one them
so we'll see also an update for everyone
that enter the drawing yes you are going
to get a sticker
the deal with that is right now I got
very overwhelmed and how many people are
actually going to enter this I didn't
know that was gonna get that many people
so I am a little overwhelmed so there
are people that ordered stickers before
the contest you guys are going to get
their stickers first I have my
they are going to be sent out on your
yeah they're going there since I
yesterday Wednesday
so you guys should start looking for
those i will go I 50 stickers right now
I'm going to go through I've already put
it in order for about 100 150 more to go
ahead and send more out to you guys but
please believe me you are going to get
your sticker I did not forget about you
i do have you guys your addresses if I
needed I'll contact you guys
so that's a news for you guys but other
than that guys I just want to do a
little shout-out to the store and I see
what you guys think about it and what do
you guys want to see god fucking dammit
what am I fucking just see what you guys
think about it and it was excited and
also get a little reviews from you guys
what do you want to see in the shop
basically what do you want to see it it
down the art six sweater / shirt I got a
couple ideas but
more brains better progress against
guys I'm go ahead and tap out here
burzum a day I think thurs of the day
yeah thurs of the day
peace my homies two units broskis
star pitch perfect tell you what icon
has like the perfect blue for yamaha
it's great I'm only wearing them today
because it's like 50 60 degrees out so i
bought these strictly for summer
a lot a lot a little out of here